stranger things season three hits
Netflix on July 4th so we've got you
covered on catching up and refreshing
your memory
for everything that's happened so far in
the series in this video we'll be
recapping everything that happened in
season 1 in five minutes or less the
story begins in Hawkins Indiana with the
mysterious disappearance of the young
boy will buyers most assume this is a
typical missing kid case but his friends
Mike Dustin and Lucas suspect something
stranger as afoot
while looking for will they discover a
young girl with a shaved head named
11:11 has escaped from a government
facility
Hawkins lab where experiments conducted
on her have given her psychokinetic
abilities which she uses to help her new
friends try to find and save will it
turns out will is trapped in a place
known as the upside down a dark
alternate dimension inhabited by
monstrous creatures known as dimma
Gorgons along the way a Lebanon might
grow romantic feelings for each other
and 11 learns what it's like to be a kid
will manages to communicate with his
mother Joyce one of the few adults who
actually believed wills disappearances
anything but ordinary the other adults
on the case is Police Chief Jim hopper
hopper suspects Hawkins labs experiments
have something to do with wills
disappearance and goes rogue to find
answers meanwhile Mike's older sister
Nancy is dating popular bad-boy and hair
icon Steve Harrington I'm stealthy
like a ninja but when her friend barb
goes missing
rest in peace barb Nancy joins forces
with Will's older brother Jonathan to
investigate the strange things happening
in their small town as the season
progresses the storylines start to come
together hopper and Joyce go through a
portal and Hawkins lab that leads them
to the upside down to find and save will
Nancy Jonathan and Steve try to confront
and kill the monster but it manages to
escape injured Hawkins lab had dr.
Martin Brunner and his team track 11 and
the other kids to the school but are
attacked by the dimma Gorgon after the
monster finishes off the bill and his
Hawkins lab members it turns its sights
on eleven and her
friends eleven sacrifices herself to
defeat the Dimmick organ with both her
and the monster disappearing into a mist
as the season ends
hopper leaves Elevens favorite food Eggo
waffles in the woods hinting at her
survival but appears to have gotten
involved with the shady government suits
and will coughs up a slug-like creature
revealing he hasn't quite escaped all of
the horrors of the upside down let us
know your stranger thinks season 1
thoughts below what are you most excited
for in season 3 and make sure to check
out our season to recap while you're at
it like this video subscribe for more
and I'll see you in the next one